Update git integrations page instructions/screenshots (#1687)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/git-integrations/zeit-now-for-github.mdx

### Connecting with GitHub

> Link your GitHub and ZEIT Now account from your dashboard by clicking ["Import Project"](/import) followed by ["From Git Repository"](/import/git). Then, click "Install Now for GitHub".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Link your GitHub account with your personal account or team on ZEIT Now from your dashboard by clicking ["Import Project"](/import) followed by ["From Git Repository"](/import/git). Then, click "Install Now for GitHub".
```

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/common/github-from-existing-code.png`}
  width={1170/2}
  height={624/2}
  shadow
  borderRadius
/>
<Caption>The "You own the Repository" section with a prompt to install ZEIT Now for GitHub.</Caption>

> Once you have authorized the GitHub integration, you will redirect back to the "Import Git Repository" page where you can import a project from an existing repository by clicking the "Import Project from GitHub" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have authorized the GitHub integration, you will be redirected back to the "Import Git Repository" page where you can import a project from an existing repository by clicking the "Import Project from GitHub" button.
```
